"Believe it!" - Naruto Uzumaki
"I'll take a potato chip... AND EAT IT!" - Light Yagami
"People die when they are killed." - Shirou Emiya
"The only ones who should kill are those prepared to be killed." - Lelouch vi Britannia
"Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard." - Rock Lee
"It's not the face that makes someone a monster, it's the choices they make with their lives." - Naruto
"Power comes in response to a need, not a desire." - Goku
"A lesson without pain is meaningless." - Edward Elric
"The world isn't perfect, but it's there for us trying the best it can." - Roy Mustang
"Even if we forget the faces of our friends, we will never forget the bonds that were carved into our souls." - Ichigo Kurosaki
"Don't believe in yourself! Believe in me who believes in you!" - Kamina
"I am the bone of my sword." - Archer
"This world is cruel, but also very beautiful." - Mikasa Ackerman
"If you don't take risks, you can't create a future." - Monkey D. Luffy
"The moment you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long." - Natsu Dragneel
"Logic is forbidden on Anime Planet." - Anonymous Otaku
"In this world, wherever there is light, there are also shadows." - Madara Uchiha
"Being alone is better than being with the wrong person." - L Lawliet
"Sometimes you need a little wishful thinking just to keep on living." - Hachiman Hikigaya
"The ticket to the future is always open." - Vash the Stampede
"I want you to be happy. I want you to laugh a lot. I don't know what exactly I'll be able to do for you, but I'll always be by your side." - Kagome
"We are all like fireworks: we climb, we shine and always go our separate ways and become further apart." - Toshiro Hitsugaya
"Fear is not evil. It tells you what weakness is." - Gildarts Clive
"Push through the pain. Giving up hurts more." - Vegeta
"It's not about being the strongest. It's about being able to protect what's important to you." - Natsu Dragneel

"I get it! It ain't making me laugh, but I get it!" - Meatwad
"Number one in the hood, G!" - Master Shake
"Don't drape that towel on my computer!" - Frylock
"Yeah, I know all about computers." - Carl
"It is I, the wwwyzzerdd. D-d-d-d." - wwwyzzerdd
"I'm the supervisor. What seems to be the problem?" - wwwyzzerdd
"This is live streaming, broadbrrrain." - wwwyzzerdd
"Dancing is forbidden!" - Meatwad